docs: Prepare docs for fileupload editor (#1524)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/actor_definition/input_schema/specification.md

![Apify Actor input schema - country input](./images/input-schema-date-both.png)

> The `fileupload` editor enables users to specify a file as input. The input is passed to the Actor as a string. It is the author's responsibility to interpret this string,  including validation of its existence and format.

Reviewer: Just a question to clarify, does this mean Actor's author? or the Actor user? Reading it back now it's not entirely clear, maybe there is a better wording for this as well

Author: It's easier for Actor user to provide a link to a file.

The Actor's author needs to deal with a string, that 🤞 , should be a link to a file. But it's the author's responsibility to check this (and handle the case when it's not).

Does that make sense?

> The `fileupload` editor enables users to specify a file as input. The input is passed to the Actor as a string. It is the author's responsibility to interpret this string,  including validation of its existence and format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fileupload` editor enables users to specify a file as input. The input is passed to the Actor as a string. It is the Actor author's responsibility to interpret this string, including validating its existence and format.
```

![Apify Actor input schema - country input](./images/input-schema-date-both.png)

> Example of file selection using `fileupload` editor. The input is passed to the Actor as a string, it is up to the author to resolve the file or validate if it exists.
> 
> ![Apify Actor input schema - fileupload input](./images/input-schema-fileupload-input.png)
> 
> 
> The input allows the user to either provide a link or to upload the file as a record to a key-value store of their choosing.
> 
> ![Apify Actor input schema - fileupload input options](./images/input-schema-fileupload-modal.png)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `fileupload` editor enables users to specify a file as input. The input is passed to the Actor as a string. It is the author's responsibility to interpret this string,  including validation of its existence and format.

![Apify Actor input schema - fileupload input](./images/input-schema-fileupload-input.png)

It could be a URL or a key-value store record identifier and manage the file content.

![Apify Actor input schema - fileupload input options](./images/input-schema-fileupload-modal.png)
```

Author: Thanks!

I'm not sure about this phrase:
```
It could be a URL or a key-value store record identifier and manage the file content.
```

I was trying to explain that the UI makes it easier for users to upload a file to a key-value store, and that they can choose an existing store, or create a new one.

Author: Sounds good, thanks!
